Update markdown documents (#386)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cbr: README.md

# Context-based Restrictions Module

[![Graduated (Supported)](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Graduated%20(Supported)-brightgreen)](https://terraform-ibm-modules.github.io/documentation/#/badge-status)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cbr?logo=GitHub&sort=semver)](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cbr/releases/latest)
[![Renovate enabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/renovate-enabled-brightgreen.svg)](https://renovatebot.com/)

This module can be used to provision and configure [Context-Based Restrictions](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-context-restrictions-create&interface=ui).

> See in particular the [fscloud module](./modules/fscloud/) that enables creating an opinionated account-level coarse-grained set of CBR rules and zones aligned with the "secure by default" principles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See in particular the [fscloud module](./modules/fscloud/) that creates an opinionated account-level set of CBR rules and zones that are aligned with "secure by default" principles.
```

can we simplify from `enables creating` to just `creates`

and I made a comment about course grained in another file. It's not a specific or known term for tech. If we need to explain the "granularity" of the rule, we should explain that with why it's important.

    * [cbr-zone-module](./modules/cbr-zone-module)
    * [fscloud](./modules/fscloud)
* [Examples](./examples)
    * [CBR Multi Service Profile](./examples/multi-service-profile)
    * [Multi-Resource Rule Example](./examples/multi-resource-rule)
    * [Multi-zone Example](./examples/multizone-rule)
    * [Pre-wired CBR Configuration for FS Cloud Example](./examples/fscloud)

>     * [Zone Example](./examples/zone)

Reviewer: these should all go back to the original capitalization after the files are updated and the pre-commit hook runs.
